README.md, before:

# My Personal Dotfiles

This repository contains my personal configuration files (dotfiles) for various tools I use on Arch Linux.

## Included Configurations

*  **[niri](https://github.com/YaLTeR/niri):** A scrollable-tiling Wayland compositor.
*  **[eww](https://github.com/elkowars/eww):** ElKowar's Wacky Widgets, used for the status bar and widgets.
 *  **[rofi](https://github.com/davatorium/rofi):** A window switcher, application launcher, and dmenu replacement.
*  **Dolphin:** The KDE file manager.
    * **mimeapps.list:** Default application associations.
    * **Custom Scripts:** Various helper scripts located in `.local/share/bin`.

## Installation

These dotfiles are managed via an installation script that creates symbolic links.

To install these configurations, clone this repository and run the `install.sh` script:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/milesdredd/Miles-dots.git ~/dotfiles
cd ~/dotfiles
./install.sh
```

The script will:
1.  Install any missing applications (`niri`, `rofi`, `eww`) using `yay` or `pacman`.
2.  Back up any existing configuration files in your `~/.config` directory.
3.  Create symbolic links from this repository to the appropriate locations in your home directory.

## Usage

Because this setup uses symbolic links, any changes you make to the configuration files within this repository will be applied immediately. You can edit the files here, and the changes will be reflected in your system's configuration.

Commit message:

docs: update README to reflect copy behavior

README.md, after:

# My Personal Dotfiles

This repository contains my personal configuration files (dotfiles) for various tools I use on Arch Linux.

## Included Configurations

*  **[niri](https://github.com/YaLTeR/niri):** A scrollable-tiling Wayland compositor.
*  **[eww](https://github.com/elkowars/eww):** ElKowar's Wacky Widgets, used for the status bar and widgets.
 *  **[rofi](https://github.com/davatorium/rofi):** A window switcher, application launcher, and dmenu replacement.
*  **Dolphin:** The KDE file manager.
    * **mimeapps.list:** Default application associations.
    * **Custom Scripts:** Various helper scripts located in `.local/share/bin`.

## Installation

These dotfiles are managed via an installation script that copies them to their correct locations.

To install these configurations, clone this repository and run the `install.sh` script:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/milesdredd/Miles-dots.git ~/dotfiles
cd ~/dotfiles
./install.sh
```

The script will:
1.  Install any missing applications (`niri`, `rofi`, `eww`) using `yay` or `pacman`.
2.  Back up any existing configuration files in your `~/.config` directory.
3.  Copy the configuration files from this repository to the appropriate locations in your home directory.

## Usage

Because this setup copies the files, any changes you make to the configuration files within this repository will **not** be applied automatically. You will need to run the `install.sh` script again to apply any changes you make here.
